EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x24 The Solder Excursion Diversion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP24.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x23 The Solder Excursion Diversion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP23.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x22 The Solder Excursion Diversion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP22.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x21 The Solder Excursion Diversion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP21.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x20 
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP20.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x19 
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP19.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x18 The Application Deterioration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP18.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x17 The Celebration Experimentation 
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP17.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x16 The Positive Negative Reaction
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP16.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x15 The Valentino Submergence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP15.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x14 The Meemaw Materialization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP14.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x13 The Empathy Optimization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP13.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x12 The Sales Call Sublimation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP12.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x11 The Opening Night Excitation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP11.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x10 The Earworm Reverberation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP10.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x09 The Platonic Permutation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP09.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x08 The Mystery Date Observation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP08.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x07 The Spock Resonance
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP07.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x06 The Helium Insufficiency
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP06.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x05 The Perspiration Implementation 
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer10/ondemand/TBBTT09EP05.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x04 The 2003 Approximation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT09EP04.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x03 The Bachelor Party Corrosion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT09EP03.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x02 The Separation Oscillation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT09EP02.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 9x01 The Matrimonial Momentum
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT09EP01.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x24 The Commitment Determination - Season Finale
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP24.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x23 The Maternal Combustion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP23.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x22 The Graduation Transmission
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP22.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x21 The Communication Deterioration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP21.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x20 The Fortification Implementation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP20.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x19 The Skywalker Incursion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP19.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x18 The Leftover Thermalization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP18.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x17 The Colonization Application
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP17.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x16 The Intimacy Acceleration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP16.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x15 The Comic Book Store Regeneration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP15.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x14 The Troll Manifestation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP14.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x13 The Anxiety Optimization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP13.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x12 The Space Probe Disintegration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP12.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x11 The Clean Room Infiltration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP11.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x10 The Champagne Reflection
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP10.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x09 The Septum Deviation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP09.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x08 The Prom Equivalency
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP08.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x07 The Misinterpretation Agitation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP07.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x06 The Expedition Approximation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP06.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x05 The Focus Attentuation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP05.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x04 The Hook-Up Reverberation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP04.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x03 The First Pitch Insufficiency
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP03.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x02 The Junior Professor Solution
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP02.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 8x01 The Locomotion Interruption
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT08EP01.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x24 The Status Quo Combustion - Season Finale
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP24.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x23 The Gorilla Dissolution
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP23.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x22 The Proton Transmogrification
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP22.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x21 The Anything Can Happen Recurrence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP21.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x20 The Relationship Diremption
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP20.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x19 The Indecision Amalgamation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP19.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x18 The Mommy Observation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP18.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x17 The Friendship Turbulence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP17.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x16 The Table Polarization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP16.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x15 The Locomotive Manipulation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP15.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x14 The Convention Conundrum
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP14.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x13 The Occupation Recalibration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP13.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x12 The Hesitation Ramification
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP12.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x11 The Cooper Extraction
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP11.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x10 The Discovery Dissipation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP10.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x09 The Thanksgiving Decoupling
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP09.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x08 The Itchy Brain Simulation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP08.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x07 The Proton Displacement
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP07.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x06 The Romance Resonance
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP06.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x05 The Workplace Proximity
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP05.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x04 The Raiders Minimization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP04.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x03 The Scavenger Vortex
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP03.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x02 The Deception Verification
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP02.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 7x01 The Hofstadter Insufficiency
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer09/ondemand/TBBTT07EP01.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x24 The Bon Voyage Reaction - Season Finale
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP24.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x23 The Love Spell Potential
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP23.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x22 The Proton Resurgence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP22.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x21 The Closure Alternative
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP21.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x20 The Tenure Turbulence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP20.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x19 The Closet Reconfiguration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP19.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x18 The Contractual Obligation Implementation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP18.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x17 The Monster Isolation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP17.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x16 The Tangible Affection Proof
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP16.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x15 The Spoiler Alert Segmentation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP15.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x14 The Cooper/Kripke Inversion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP14.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x13 The Bakersfield Expedition
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP13.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x12 The Egg Salad Equivalency
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP12.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x11 The Santa Simulation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP11.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x10 The Fish Guts Displacement
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP10.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x09 The Parking Spot Escalation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP09.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x08 The 43 Peculiarity
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP08.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x07 The Habitation Configuration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP07.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x06 The Extract Obliteration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP06.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x05 The Holographic Excitation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP05.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x04 The Re-Entry Minimization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP04.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x03 The Higgs Boson Observation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP03.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x02 The Decoupling Fluctuation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP02.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 6x01 The Date Night Variable
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer08/ondemand/TBBTT06EP01.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x24 The Countdown Reflection - Season Finale
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP24.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x23 The Launch Acceleration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP23.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x22 The Stag Convergence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP22.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x21 The Hawking Excitation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP21.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x20 The Transporter Malfunction
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP20.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x19 The Weekend Vortex
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP19.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x18 The Werewolf Transformation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP18.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x17 The Rothman Disintegration
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP17.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x16 The Vacation Solution
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP16.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x15 The Friendship Contraction
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP15.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x14 The Beta Test Initiation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP14.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x13 The Recombination Hypothesis
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP13.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x12 The Shiny Trinket Maneuver
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP12.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x11 The Speckerman Recurrence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP11.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x10 The Flaming Spittoon Acquisition
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP10.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x09 The Ornithophobia Diffusion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP09.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x08 The Isolation Permutation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP08.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x07 The Good Guy Fluctuation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP07.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x06 The Rhinitis Revelation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP06.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x05 The Russian Rocket Reaction
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP05.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x04 The Wiggly Finger Catalyst
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP04.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x03 The Pullet Groin Extrapolation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP03.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x02 The Infestation Hypothesis
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP02.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 5x01 The Skank Reflex Analysis
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT05EP01.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x24 The Roommate Transmogrification - Season Finale
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP24.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x23 The Engagement Reaction
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP23.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x22 The Wildebeest Inplementation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP22.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x21 The Agreement Dissection
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP21.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x20 The Herb Garden Germination
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP20.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x19 The Zarnecki Incursion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP19.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x18 The Prestidigitation Approximation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP18.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x17 The Toast Derivation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP17.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x16 The Cohabitation Formula
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP16.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x15 The Benefactor Factor
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP15.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x14 The Thespian Catalyst
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP14.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x13 The Love Car Displacement
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP13.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x12 The Bus Pants Utilization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP12.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x11 The Justice League Recombination
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP11.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x10 The Alien Parasite Hypothesis
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP10.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x09 The Boyfriend Complexity
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP09.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x08 The 21-Second Excitation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP08.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x07 The Apology Insufficiency
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP07.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x06 The Irish Pub Formulation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP06.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x05 The Desperation Emanation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP05.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x04 The Hot Troll Deviation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP04.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x03 The Zazzy Substution
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP03.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x02 The Cruciferous Vegetable Amplification
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP02.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 4x01 The Robotic Manipulation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT04EP01.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x23 The Lunar Excitation - Season Finale
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP23.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x22 The Staircase Implementation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP22.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x21 The Plimpton Stimulation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP21.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x20 The Spaghetti Catalyst
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP20.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x19 The Wheaton Recurrence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP19.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x18 The Pants Alternative
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP18.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x17 The Precious Fragmentation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP17.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x16 The Excelsior Acquisition
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP16.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x15 The Large Hadron Collision
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP15.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x14 The Einstein Approximation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP14.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x13 The Bozeman Reaction
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP13.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x12 The Psychic Vortex
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP12.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x11 The Maternal Congruence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP11.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x10 The Gorilla Experiment
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP10.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x09 The Vengeance Formulation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP09.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x08 The Adhesive Duck Deficiency
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP08.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x07 The Guitarist Amplification
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP07.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x06 The Cornhusker Vortex
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP06.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x05 The Creepy Candy Coating Corollary
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP05.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x04 The Pirate Solution
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP04.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x03 The Gothowitz Deviation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP03.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x02 The Jiminy Conjecture
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP02.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 3x01 The Electric Can Opener Fluctuation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT03EP01.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x23 The Monopolar Expedition - Season Finale
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP23.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x22 The Classified Material Turbulence
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP22.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x21 The Vegas Renormalization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP21.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x20 The Hofstadter Isotope
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP20.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x19 The Dead Hooker Juxtaposition
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP19.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x18 The Work Song Nanocluster
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP18.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x17 The Terminator Decoupling
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP17.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x16 The Cushion Saturation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP16.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x15 The Maternal Capacitance
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP15.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x14 The Financial Permeability
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP14.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x13 The Friendship Algorithm
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP13.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x12 The Killer Robot Instability
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP12.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x11 The Bath Item Gift Hypothesis
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP11.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x10 The Vartabedian Conudrum
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP10.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x09 The White Aspargus Triangulation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP09.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x08 The Lizard-Spock Expansion
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP08.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x07 The Panty Piñata Polarization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP07.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x06 The Cooper-Nowitzki Theorem
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP06.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x05 The Euclid Alternative
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP05.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x04 The Griffin Equivalency
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP04.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x03 The Barbarian Sublimation
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP03.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x02 The Codpiece Topology
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP02.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 2x01 The Bad Fish Paradigm
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT02EP01.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x17 The Tangerine Factor - Season Finale
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP17.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x16 The Peanut Reaction
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP16.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x15 The Shiksa Indeterminacy
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP15.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x14 The Nerdmabelia Scattering
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP14.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x13 The Batjar Conjecture
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP13.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x12 The Jerusalem Diary
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP12.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x11 The Pancake Batter Anomaly
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP11.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x10 The Loobenfeld Decay
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP10.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x09 The Cooper-Hofstadter Polarization
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP09.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x08 The Grasshopper Experiment
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP08.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x07 The Dumpling Paradox
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP07.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x06 The Middle Earth Paradigm
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP06.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x05 The Hamburger Postulate
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP05.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x04 The Luminous Fish Effect
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP04.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x03 The Fuzzyboots Corollary
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP03.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x02 The Big Bran Hypothesis
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP02.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://goo.gl/sv30KK" group-title="The Big Bang Theory Dublado",The Big Bang 1x01 Pilot
http://server.crazzy.com/RedeCanais/RedeCanais/RCServer04/ondemand/TBBTT01EP01.mp4
